Get API response without the SVG string in the result field (#184)
GIScience/ohsome-quality-analyst: CHANGELOG.md

- Change API Path parameter `name` to be a Query parameter instead of a Path parameter ([#190])
- Change type of API parameter `bpolys` for POST requests to JSON (`dict`) instead of string ([#204])
- Add parameter to retrieve API response without the figure as `svg` string in the result. Default to not exclude the figure. ([#137])

### Other Changes

- API: Change media type of GeoJSON response ([#199])
- Validate indicator-layer combination with `pydantic` ([#190])
- Improve API response when an error occurs by including informations about the cause ([#186])
- Add parameter to get API response without svg string in the result. ([#137])

### How to upgrade

- Update requests for `/indicator` and `/report` endpoints. `name` is now a *Query* parameter ([#190])
    - E.g. `/indicator/GhsPopComparisonBuilding` -> `indicator?name=GhsPopComparisonBuilding`
- Update `bpolys` parameter of POST requests to be a GeoJSON object instead of a string ([#204])

> - To retrieving the SVG data from `/indicator` and `/report` endpoints, parameter 'includeSvg' must be set to True ([#137])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To retrive a figure for the result as `SVG` string from the `/indicator` and `/report` endpoints set the request parameter 'includeSvg'  to True ([#137])
```

### Other Changes

> - Added parameter to get API response without svg string in the result. ([#137])

Reviewer: Please add the change message to the end of the list. Just by convention.. Thanks.
